Hello Today in Eastern and Ramen
we are making base-style miso ramen
Miso ramen wears very much
The decisive factor is vs source and how to make is very easy
me
Garlic down the eggs in a bowl
The mustard ketchup gang pepper
I will put one cup at throne
Add olive oil in portions and mix well
This is the completion of winter 2 source
Olive oil is about 2 tablespoons in total
Put the seafood mix in the pot
It is a soup attached to instant noodles
It is good taste
Shrimp will put out here instead
Put the water for colleagues displayed in the bag and put it on fire
Add water-soluble starch and add a little bit of consistency
In addition to the tomatoes that were diced will Nitachi people
Stop the fire and put mixed cheese
Cook hot soup into a bowl of boiled noodles
It is completed by placing the needle ginger
It is delicious that does not seem to be Eastern and ramen
Please try by all means Thank you for seeing until the end
Then look forward to the next time